Good morning family. I am going to do a 'pray with me'video today with you all.
I have a lot more prophetic videos that I'm going to make over the next several days, just things that the Lord has really put on me.
I'm telling you, we're in a time like we've never seen before.
He has told me to do these 'pray with me'videos, 'motivate yourself to pray'videos over and over again, and I've been disobedient.
I have to apologize; I've repented. I'm just being real with you all. You know, I was sternly corrected.
If you don't believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost, I'm sorry for you, but I do, and I'm not shying away from it. I'm coming out bold about this even more.
I don't care how many subscribers I have; I don't care how many people don't believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost.
I believe it. I believe it with my whole heart. I believe in Acts chapter 2, and I believe we have the ability to pray in tongues.
Anybody can pray in tongues; it's not a gift that's just for one person.
It's not a gift for somebody that's special; it's a gift for anybody who wants to believe God and pray in the gifts of the Holy Spirit.
It will yield your vessel to it. Whatever you need, pray in the spirit. I'm praying over Israel today.
When I'm praying in tongues, that's what I'm putting my faith towards: that I'm praying in the spirit for Israel and this war with Iran.
Some things that the Lord has showed me concerning this, concerning Cuba... there are some things there.
I'll be careful with what I say, but I want you to listen, pray in the spirit, and intercede for this nation for the great outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord beyond anybody's comprehension.
Like I said, we're going to see a mighty move of God in these last days.
I'm believing for a billion-soul harvest in these last days before the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
I'm telling you, Jesus is coming and he's coming soon, but we are going to see a major move of God before we see his return.
Just like I told you in the video yesterday, if you haven't seen that video, go back and watch it.
My wife reads the prophecy, 'A Visitation from a Man.'So, let's get started and we're going to pray together.
I hope this blesses you today. Just enter in. You're in the privacy of your home; there's nobody there listening to you.
Don't be embarrassed; get involved, get into this, and pray. If you don't know how to pray, pray in English right now.
Agree in English, and I'm going to believe that you're going to get baptized with the Holy Ghost right now and you're going to speak with the evidence of speaking in other tongues.
I believe with all my heart. Just yield and say, 'Lord Holy Spirit, fill me.
Give me that gift right now.'Enter in and just start praying in tongues with us.
If you have to copy what we do, just enter in. I'm telling you, the Holy Spirit's going to hit you.
You're going to feel the fire of God all over you and it's going to start bubbling up inside of you.
It's going to start coming like a waterfall, like a geyser, like Old Faithful coming up out of you.
So I just want to introduce Sister Lynne Hammond. She has a church up in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and she is a powerful prayer warrior that prays.
I've learned a lot from her, so that's why I bring her on here.
They're at Sister Billye Brim's prayer service in Branson, Missouri, in October.
This was several years ago, I'm not exactly sure, but it's very powerful.
All right, so here we go. We're going to pray. Father, we just give you praise.
We worship you, Father. You are good and your mercy endures forever.
Thank you, Father. She's talking about a terrorist right now.
Father, I thank you. Father, we worship you. He's been waiting a long time to deal with this.
It's an amazing thing that the Lord would do it here. You have prepared your army.
Look, you set a beacon. The answer to pull the kingdom in with us.
Okay, now we're going to go up and we're going to sing in the spirit.
Yes Lord, your inheritance. There is one way that he did that by your spirit, oh God.
You open that place. He's walking through. I know he's walking through.
I see him through eyes of faith. Wake up! For the spirit assistance of your...
Thank you, Jesus. Father, we give you praise. Holy Father, we worship you.
Thank you, Jesus. Praise you, Lord. We thank you and praise you.
We treasure it, we honor it, we receive it. Thank you, Father. Thank you, dearest Father. Praise him.
You know, I just feel his presence so strong right now after praying, and I'm so thankful that you all joined me today.
I feel so much peace just pushing back things in the spirit and interceding on behalf of America and for Israel for what's going on in the Middle East right now.
I believe there's power in prayer. I believe there's power in the unity of us praying together like this.
I just feel his presence so strong right now. Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place. Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place.
For in your presence there's healing divine. No other power can save, Lord, but thine.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place. We welcome you, my friend.
I'm so honored that you would be with us. Thank you. Show yourself real to them today, Father, in their lives. Whatever they're believing for, I thank you.
I thank you, Father, that everything they have need of in their bodies, in their homes, and in their marriages, we thank you that it's mended, healed, and whole from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet.
You're so precious to us. You're always welcome in my home. I feel you, Holy Spirit.
You're so tangible. Touch them like you've touched me. Some of them are so dry, they're so thirsty, they just need a drink.
For in your presence there's healing divine. I hear you, I'll sing it: 'Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of Heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole.'Have your own way, Lord.
Have your own way. You are the potter, I am the clay. Mold me and make me, this is what I pray.
Create in me a clean heart, Father. You are the potter, I am the clay. Have your own way.
I don't know if you all feel the presence of the Lord like I do right now, but I get lost in it.
I could spend my whole day like this, but I know people have got to go to work and things.
If I could just sit with you a while, Lord, nothing else matters.
Just to be with you. I'll do anything. There's no price that I would not pay, just to be with you.
I'd give my life away just to be with you. The Lord's healing people right now.
I see it. Receive your miracle right now. I rebuke sickness off of you right now in the name of Jesus.
Cancer's going away right now. Somebody's just been healed of cancer.
It's dying right now; it's completely going away. There's lumps in the breast, there's things that are dissolving.
I see it right now. Complete wholeness and complete healing right now in the name of Jesus.
Lump in the breast completely gone. Receive that miracle right now in Jesus'name.
Something with the ears. It's like a band that's been attached to the brain.
I don't understand that, but with the ear, I see a picture of the ear right now.
I call ears whole and healed and well in Jesus'name. Maybe it's an ear infection.
Yes, I call ear infections whole and healed and well. I see it.
The Holy Spirit just gave me more on it. It's inside that canal.
It's been an infection in there and it's actually been severe, but I'm calling that ear infection healed and whole right now. Ear, open up!
Fibers, the hairs, the follicles, all the things in the ear—a creative miracle is working right now in that ear, opening up ears.
Creative miracle-working power over the eardrums. I see ears opening up right now in Jesus'name.
Thank you, Father. Oh, I heard the word diabetes. Diabetics are being healed right now in the name of Jesus.
I saw the pancreas. It's being healed and restored right now.
Someone's pancreas is being healed and they're going to be completely well.
Blood sugars are leveling out. Creative miracle-working power in that.
It's type 1 diabetes too. I see this; you were born with it. This has been something that's plagued you for a long time.
The fire of the Lord is on that pancreas right now. I call complete healing and wholeness in Jesus'name.
I saw tumors dissolving right now. There's an anointing for tumors, an anointing for cancer.
Go now in Jesus'name. On the uterus, I see it right now. Healing and wholeness on the ovaries.
Tumors and cysts on the ovaries, I curse those and I tell them to go. The pain that it causes, I call it to go now in Jesus'name.
Healing, wholeness, and wellness over this uterus and over these ovaries.
Cysts in these growths—they're shriveling, drying up, and going away in the spirit.
Eradicated in Jesus'name. Thank you, Father. Oh, tendonitis in the elbow.
I see your elbow. I call elbows be healed and whole. Pain in the elbow, elbows are being healed right now.
You've had severe pain in your elbow; move it right now. I call your elbow healed and whole in Jesus'name.
You have to move it by faith. I believe I receive right now for you.
Your elbows are healed and whole. Even knees, I see knees. He's just in the joint business today.
Father, I call the knees healed and whole. I see somebody's knee, you've even got something really serious going on.
It's a meniscus. I call this healed and whole in Jesus'name.
Creative miracle-working power of God is flowing through that knee right now.
You're healed and whole and well. I call deliverance over that knee right now in Jesus'name.
Meniscus, Father, I thank you for complete healing of the knees.
creative working miracle power is flowing through your knees.
You're going to feel warmth on them, fire on those knees, complete restoration.
Don't worry about popping; this is the Holy Ghost working. He's working right now on brand new knees.
Praise the Lord! Whoa, hallelujah! You see, when praises go up, blessings come down.
The Holy Spirit loves worship. He always shows up because he loves his kids.
He brings the healings for the people. He inhabits the praises of his kids. Anything else, Father? Oh yes, there is something else.
I see a child, and it's a demonic spirit that has been attached with some form of what they would call ADHD, and they are being freed right now in the name of Jesus.
I command that demonic spirit that has been attached and diagnosed as this to come off of that child right now.
Be free in the name of Jesus! I command that demonic spirit to release and let them go.
Deliverance over this child's mind right now, from the top of the head to the soles of the feet.
Completely delivered from any kind of demonic attachments.
You go now! You have no right to touch this child anymore. Let her go, let him go in Jesus'name.
Completely free! For whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
And everybody say, 'Amen.'Praise the Lord! Well, thank you all so much for joining me today.
Blessings, blessings, blessings multiplied upon you. May the Lord bless you and keep you.
May his face shine upon you today. May he be gracious to you and give you peace.
Well, thank you all. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much.
Oh, and if you could please click the like button, click the like button and notification bell.
Subscribe if you're not subscribed. This is pretty wild for people.
If you're not subscribed, you're not a part of my YouTube channel. Welcome. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you, and we will see you next time. You all have a wonderful day. Glory to God!
Hey, and if you got healed of any of those things, comment down below.
Tell us if you got healed of any things that got called out today.
I want to know. God did a creative miracle in your life today.
There's no distance in time or anything; you could be watching this five days, ten days from now.
God is working a miracle in your life. You all have a blessed one and we'll talk to you soon. Bye-bye.